hello it's Ruby and today I have got
another vlog to share with you but this
is on a day that I wake up late so on
this particular morning I woke up at
10:30 which is really rather late I
don't like waking up late because when
you wake up it feels like you're not
going to have productive day and you
don't have you know this world of
possibility had of use okay done my hair
because however whenever I do vlog I do
wake up early I really wanted to share
this one with you where I woke up
abnormally late because I want to show
you that you can still have a semi
productive day if you do wake up later
than you thought so after getting ready
that morning I decided to get on with
some work so here I was replying to some
emails and I was also writing up a few
briefs and going through these notes
that I have made on the museum's which
had recently invested and I was also
working on my book here
hey Dad night are now off to the cinema
you say hello 11 in the cinema and we
loved the film it was so good it was
amazing I was seeing its accumulation
clips some of which have never been seen
before of the moon landing and Wow it
was amazing no listen ababa stay empty
they were like we can't even that wasn't
it yeah it was reading a quality film
even though it was from obviously 1969
when I got back from the cinema I
decided to write a letter to my friend
Ruby I like to write at least one letter
every day and today this is one I
decided to do and also when I went on my
phone that was me checking my calendar I
had not had a chance to do that and I
always like to check my calendar at
least once a day just to make sure that
nothing has changed
[Music]
okay so it's now nearly 6 o'clock I
haven't really been vlogging that much
but basically we went to the cinema to
see Apollo 11 which was amazing I
definitely recommend you're going to see
it the only time that we he got tickets
to go because my dad had some free
tickets for the cinema so the only time
that we could use them because they
could they go out of date tomorrow so
the only date we could use them was
today and the only showing of Apollo 11
they had was at 1:00 so usually I
wouldn't want to go to this and
muttering the day if we go to this in a
Marvel we usually go at like 7 or 8 but
I really wanted to see Apollo 11 they
did it so well so all of its original
footage and then you have overlays
showing you know exactly what they did
in order to land the moon there was so I
learned a lot actually and there was
just amazing like intensity to the
footage so worth watching
I find space very interesting as most
people do you loved it it's more like a
documentary but it's not a documentary
it kind of reminded me of Peter
Jackson's they shall not grow old I
guess it's the most similar comparison I
can find but yeah I recommend watching
it I'm actually going to write up some
notes as well just I like if I watch
will read something interesting I like
to make a mind map about my thoughts so
that I am encouraged to actually
probably think about it so I'm just
gonna add that to my to do this now
[Music]
but before I do anything else I've
decided I want to edit a video and now
I'm going to go outside I'm going to do
some exercise because I haven't done
exercise so far today because I wake up
late so as I said I decided to edit a
video and the first thing I did was just
export the clips and then after that I
went through and I sorted through my
Final Cut Pro because it was kind of
cluttered and it was really like there
were loads of old clips on there so I
just deleted with the things I didn't
need on the platform anymore and then I
got onto editing a video and this was my
organizing way too covered and tea
collection video
[Music]
then as I said I went outside and I got
some exercise so I went on the
trampoline and I do have a kind of
specific routine that I follow when I go
on the trampoline just things I like to
do every time and I will be sharing that
very same I just got an exercise routine
which I filmed and which is ready to
upload and then here I went and said
hello to the ducklings because our
neighbors have ducklings at the moment
and they are the cutest things mum and I
making a mushroom and pea risotto
[Music]
that's a lot of rice on anything so
we're adding Prosecco instead of mine
because we don't have wine we don't even
know if Rossetti's gonna taste good in
it you had here fast
mum says it's gonna be amazing with how
you have receptor resulting things so
here I was just watching the crown I
like to watch as my mum
[Music]
and then I just got ready for bed so the
first thing I did was just take up my
half room today
[Music]
say my hair really needs washing did
have a shower now but I also got some
cable and I see
[Music]
now I wonder
in my dreams only if you've watched the
film UK plz dropping as I can't remember
which one of the UK one will you
appreciate my amazing t-shirts
I love Judy Hopps I think she's one of
my favorites disney guard so then here i
was just doing my skincare and I tape
all of the things that I would bring
into the bathroom in the evening or the
morning in this little plastic basket
and the first thing I do after putting
on a headband to keep my hair is use
this yes two grapefruits
face masks on a stick and I use this all
the time and this is finally sent to me
and I absolutely love it
[Music]
and next I will brush my teeth
and then I will just wash after wash off
the face mask and draft I face my
favorite blue lagoon iceland flannel so
there next I put on this mood to
sleeping loss this is really good for
just rehydrating your skin because
mostly like for a drive
[Music]
all the chips
here as you can see I was just tidying
my bedroom for the evening and the more
thing I have actually been doing in the
evenings it's just quickly checking my
tapped out
Simpsons Springfield is really addictive
I really do enjoy doing it and then I
just went up and filled up my mood class
so usually my dad will do this but this
particular evening he was gone a little
conflict
[Music]
and then I went and scheduled a video
I've been trying to schedule all of my
videos I've got them all scheduled for a
couple of weeks now and so I was just
uploading and scheduling one for a
couple weeks time
okay I'm heading to bed now it's quite
late it's around quarter to twelve I'm
just gonna sit down and read To Kill a
Mockingbird I'm in the middle of so many
books the moment I'm in a bit of a
reading Sun then there are 70 books I
want to read but I'm just not reading as
much as I have been reading this year
which is kind of a shame so I need to
get back on track but I'm reading a few
classics at the moment yes gonna sit
down and read and I will see in my next
vlog so thank you so much for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed it
and I hope that you have a productive
[Music]